The President:
This is monumental.
Today, my administration
took a major step
to reclassify marijuana
from a schedule
one drug to a
schedule three drug.
It's an important move
toward reversing
longstanding inequities.
Today's announcement
builds on the work
we've already done to
pardon a record number
of federal offenses for simple
possession of marijuana,
and it adds to the action
we've taken the lift barriers
to housing, employment,
small business loans
and so much more for tens
of thousands of Americans.
Look, folks, no one
should be in jail
merely for using or
possessing marijuana, period.
Far too many lives
have been upended
because of a failed
approach to marijuana.
And I'm committed
to righting those wrongs.
You have my word on it.